Addresses Issue #1465 : Added possibility to manage accounts in the UI. (#1468)
unclebob/fitnesse: FitNesseRoot/FitNesse/UserGuide/AdministeringFitNesse/PasswordFile/content.txt

Rafael:YHVFNHr1fHaIGkLHMTSP}}}
You can see that the passwords have been hashed and are not humanly readable.  You may also notice a new line.
!-!fitnesse.authentication.HashingCipher-!
This should be left as is in the file.  It tells the program with PasswordCipher to use when hashing the passwords.  You may create your own PasswordCipher by implementing the ''!-fitnesse.authentication.PasswordCipher-!'' interface and use it for creating password files.

> The Password program can be used in the following two ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The password file can be managed  in the following two ways:
```

 * '''Passwords Created In The FitNesse UI'''

>     * Ensure you have passwords.txt file located in the same location where fitnesse jar is present. Create admin user in that file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Ensure you have passwords.txt file located in the same location where fitnesse jar is present. Create admin user in that file, using the command line tool described below (passing the -c option creates the file).
```

>     * More passwords can be created in the FitNesse UI after logging in as admin user. Click on the link with admin user on any page to manage users. This uses the default PasswordCipher and default passwords.txt file.

Reviewer: > the link with admin user

This can probably be a bit more specific, where can the user find the link, what is the path and also describe how this can be used by any user to update their password.

Author: Thanks. Release notes updated and text changed per your suggestion. Thanks.

>  * '''Hashed Passwords Created In Command Line'''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * '''Updating the password file via the command line'''
```

> 		* The password files can be created using the -c command line argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		* Call the Password program supplied with !-FitNesse-! to add a user with a password (passing the '-c' command line argument creates the file)
```
